Improve clarity of standard directives (#633)
graphql/graphql-spec: spec/Section 3 -- Type System.md

of a GraphQL document as an indicator that they should be evaluated differently
by a validator, executor, or client tool such as a code generator.

> 

Reviewer: I don't think this section needs to be removed

directive @invalidExample(arg: String @invalidExample) on ARGUMENT_DEFINITION
```

> **Built-in Directives**

Reviewer: It seems like the confusion is specifically about introspection, so additional clarity should be added to that section rather than including a new sub-section here. Currently this section seems to mostly just repeat the content from the existing `@skip`, `@include` and `@deprecated` sections. As we add additional directives over time we should avoid having too many places we need to edit to expand that list.

Reviewer: I'm also concerned about "built-ins" becoming an ambiguous term here since the directives defined are not all required to be provided by a service.

I'd prefer either "The directives specified by this document" as representing the full set of non-custom directives, or something like "directives specified by this document and provided by a GraphQL service" if referring to the subset actually supported

Reviewer 2: My implementation of schema introspection add `includeBuiltin` param for `types` and `directives` fields. It's up to the user whether he want to query builtin types/directives or not.

```graphql
type __Schema {
  description: String
  types(includeBuiltin: Boolean = false): [__Type!]!
  queryType: __Type!
  mutationType: __Type
  subscriptionType: __Type
  directives(includeBuiltin: Boolean = false): [__Directive!]!
}
````

my implementation is able to query the introspection schema itself, that's why I added those params. to avoid confusion for new users.

GraphQL implementations should provide the `@skip` and `@include` directives.
When returning the set of directives from the `__Schema` introspection type, both

> `@skip` and `@include` directives must be included.

Reviewer: Since `@skip` and `@include` directives only *should* be provided, a service can omit them, if for some reason its executor cannot handle them.

They should be present in introspection if the service supports them.

GraphQL implementations that support the type system definition language must
provide the `@deprecated` directive if representing deprecated portions of
the schema, in this case `@deprecated` directive may be included when returning
the set of directives from the `__Schema` introspection type.

When representing a GraphQL schema using the type system definition language,

> the built-in directives should be omitted for brevity.

Reviewer 3: What about stream and defer in this context. We are printing stream and defer in our implementation since I consider them built-in but kind of optional. I know they are not yet in the spec, but on their way, so it would be great to get an understanding if we just consider these three directives built-in and thus omit-able or if all future spec directives shall be omitted as well.

Reviewer: There's flexibility here, hence the "should". I think you're reading this correctly though - it's safe to omit them once they become built-in to the spec, or even earlier since they're on that path.

There are definitely cases where you might want to include them though, in case you're communicating what is and isn't possible in a service, since not all services support those two new directives.

I wonder if I we should downgrade this to [MAY](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2119)

Reviewer 4: +1 for MAY
I think in general, it's more not which are standard and which are not. @defer and @stream are challenging for implementation, way more than @deprecated, so some servers might not support it, for a while at least. So showing @stream or not in SDL and intro is more question of actual support by the server/app.

> both `@skip`, `@include` and `@deprecated` directives can be omitted for brevity.

Reviewer 5: Since now we have definition for `built-in directives` it's better to use it:
```suggestion
 built-in directives can be omitted for brevity.
```

Also, I checked #597 and says:
> all built-in scalars must be omitted for brevity.

So I think you were right initially and we should use `must` for consistency.
Sorry for the confusion 🤦‍♂ 

```suggestion
built-in directives must be omitted for brevity.
```

Author: `should` is used in the scalars section, so here I used it too

directive @invalidExample(arg: String @invalidExample) on ARGUMENT_DEFINITION
```

> When returning the set of directives from the `__Schema` introspection type, both

Reviewer 5: Thanks for the fixes.
@sungam3r  Looking more into the current state of the spec I think we need to merge this text with this part:
https://graphql.github.io/graphql-spec/draft/#sel-DAHnBDPAADRC9Bnwe

Because we duplicate a lot of stuff and have totally unrelated things in the middle.
Similar to #597 I would suggest adding `Built-in Directives` section:
https://github.com/graphql/graphql-spec/pull/597/files#diff-86a7cb172ae1d944ca3719bd848b1d8bR347

Reviewer 5: Plus it will allow us to write `built-in directives` instead of explicitly listed them everytime.

Author: done

> @skip and @include directives must be included. @deprecated directive may be included

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
`@skip` and `@include` directives must be included. `@deprecated` directive may be included
```

if GraphQL implementation supports the type system definition language. 

> When representing a GraphQL schema using the type system definition language, both @skip,

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
When representing a GraphQL schema using the type system definition language, both `@skip`,
```

> @include and @deprecated directives should be omitted for brevity.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
@include and @deprecated directives could be omitted for brevity.
```
We need that to be able to represent full introspection as SDL document, see: 
https://github.com/graphql/graphql-js/blob/c0cf320d3a569c83166ac93d36b2dfb81ebb5b75/src/utilities/__tests__/schemaPrinter-test.js#L593-L599

Author: Ok, at first I wrote `can`. Then hesitated, changed to `should`.

of a GraphQL document as an indicator that they should be evaluated differently
by a validator, executor, or client tool such as a code generator.

**Built-in Directives**

> :: A *built-in directive* is any directive defined within this specification.

Author: Someone can decide that directives in the examples also fall into this set (defined).

Reviewer: I'm less worried about that - those are hopefully all clear that they are examples of custom directives, and beyond that there is always https://spec.graphql.org/draft/#sel-GABDLFABABrB1nR

Author: OK

directive @skip(if: Boolean!) on FIELD | FRAGMENT_SPREAD | INLINE_FRAGMENT
```

The `@skip` *built-in directive* may be provided for fields, fragment spreads,
and inline fragments, and allows for conditional exclusion during execution as

> described by the if argument.

Author: ```suggestion
described by the `if` argument.
```

directive @include(if: Boolean!) on FIELD | FRAGMENT_SPREAD | INLINE_FRAGMENT
```

The `@include` *built-in directive* may be provided for fields, fragment
spreads, and inline fragments, and allows for conditional inclusion during

> execution as described by the if argument.

Author: ```suggestion
execution as described by the `if` argument.
```
